Ah!
His Royal Highness
How dare you kill His Royal Highness
Dare to offer a gift
Crazy, crazy
This has caused such a big disaster for the family
Today you will die without a whole body
I don't know my gift
Are you qualified enough?
Li Haoran, if you want to die, don't trouble us.
Our Jiang family and this waste
It doesn't matter at all.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
It doesn't matter.
The prince will definitely make you dismembered and anger me
Who will guard the Great Xia?
Is it because of your own selfish desires?
Let the Kingdom of Great Xia?
How about the invincible assassin?
Zhengzhou Daxia has me Lin Haoran
Great Xia will not forget
Exactly 20 years of blood feud
Let me lose the Taiwan official today
Killing Thieves Today
Is it my temporary injustice to bury the bones?
I know you've suffered all these years
Don't worry, I won't be killed by the king's father today.
This head up
Pay tribute to you and the spirit of the Lin clan in heaven